[Doc] Update README.md (#4139)
taichi-dev/taichi: README.md

[![Python Codecov Status](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/taichi-dev/taichi?label=Python%20Coverage&logo=codecov)](https://codecov.io/gh/taichi-dev/taichi/src/master)

```py
import taichi as ti
```

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Your first Taichi program](#your-first-taichi-program)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Contacts](#contacts)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Resources](#resources)
  - [Demos](#demos)
  - [Lectures & talks](#lectures--talks)

**Taichi (太极)** is an open-source, imperative, parallel programming language for high-performance numerical computation. It is embedded in Python and uses just-in-time (JIT) compiler frameworks (e.g. LLVM) to offload compute-intensive Python code to the native GPU or CPU instructions.

Advantages of Taichi:

- Built around Python: Taichi shares almost the same syntax with Python, allowing you to write algorithms with minimal language barrier. It is also well integrated into the Python ecosystem, such as NumPy and PyTorch.

> - Flexibility: Taichi provides a set of generic data containers known as *SNode* (/ˈsnoʊd/), an effective mechanism for composing hierarchical, multi-dimensional fields, and unlocking many use patterns in numerical simulation (e.g. [spatially sparse computing](https://docs.taichi.graphics/lang/articles/advanced/sparse)).

Author: Actually my point is that "the composed fields can unlock many use patterns", WDYT? @Vissidarte-Herman 

```suggestion
- Flexibility: Taichi provides a set of generic data containers known as *SNode* (/ˈsnoʊd/), an effective mechanism for composing hierarchical, multi-dimensional fields, which unlocks many use patterns in numerical simulation (e.g. [spatially sparse computing](https://docs.taichi.graphics/lang/articles/advanced/sparse)).
```

Reviewer: hmm. Grammatically correct. The wording "unlock" does not sound about right to me. How about ", which *have* many use patterns numerical simulation xxx"

Author: "support" seems better to me

- Performance: Through the `@ti.kernel` decorator, Taichi's JIT compiler automatically compiles your Python functions into efficient GPU or CPU machine code for parallel execution.
- Portability: Write your code once and run it everywhere. Currently, Taichi supports most mainstream GPU APIs, such as CUDA and Vulkan.
- ... and many more features! A cross-platform, Vulkan-based 3D visualizer, [differentiable programming](https://docs.taichi.graphics/lang/articles/advanced/differentiable_programming),  [quantized computation](https://github.com/taichi-dev/quantaichi) (experimental), etc.

# Getting Started

## Installation

You can easily install Taichi with Python's package installer `pip`:

```bash
pip install taichi
```

If you want to try out the latest features, we also provide a nightly package:

```bash

> pip install -i https://test.pypi.org/simple/ taichi-nightly

Author: fixed

[![CI](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi/actions/workflows/testing.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi/actions/workflows/postsubmit.yml)
[![Docker Cloud Build Status](https://img.shields.io/docker/cloud/build/taichidev/taichi?label=Docker%20Image&logo=docker)](https://hub.docker.com/r/taichidev/taichi)
[![Python Codecov Status](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/taichi-dev/taichi?label=Python%20Coverage&logo=codecov)](https://codecov.io/gh/taichi-dev/taichi/src/master)

```py
import taichi as ti
```

- [Get Started](#get-started)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Your first Taichi program](#your-first-taichi-program)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Contacts](#contacts)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Resources](#resources)
  - [Demos](#demos)
  - [Lectures & talks](#lectures--talks)

**Taichi (太极)** is an open source parallel programming language for high-performance numerical computation. It is embedded in Python, and uses just-in-time (JIT) compiler frameworks (e.g. LLVM) to offload compute-intensive Python code to native GPU or CPU instructions.

Advantages of using Taichi are:

> - Built around Python: Taichi shares the same syntax with Python, allowing you to write algorithms with minimal language barrier. It's also well integrated with the Python ecosystem, such as NumPy and PyTorch.

Author: fixed

- Flexibility: Taichi provides a set of generic data containers, namely *SNode* (/ˈsnoʊd/). SNode is an effective mechanism for composing hierarchical, multi-dimensional fields, unlocking many use patterns in numerical simulation (e.g. [spatially sparse computing](https://docs.taichi.graphics/lang/articles/advanced/sparse)).

> - Performance: Through the `@ti.kernel` decorator, Taichi's JIT compiler automatically parallelizes your Python functions into efficient GPU or CPU machine code.

Author: Looks good, I did `s/parallel computation/parallel execution`

```py
# python/taichi/examples/simulation/fractal.py

import taichi as ti

ti.init(arch=ti.gpu)

n = 320
pixels = ti.field(dtype=float, shape=(n * 2, n))

@ti.func
def complex_sqr(z):
    return ti.Vector([z[0] ** 2 - z[1] ** 2,
                      z[1] * z[0] * 2])

@ti.kernel
def paint(t: float):
    for i, j in pixels:
        c = ti.Vector([-0.8, ti.cos(t) * 0.2])
        z = ti.Vector([i / n - 1, j / n - 0.5]) * 2
        iterations = 0
    while z.norm() < 20 and iterations < 50:
        z = complex_sqr(z) + c
        iterations += 1
        pixels[i, j] = 1 - iterations * 0.02

gui = ti.GUI("Julia Set", res=(n * 2, n))

for i in range(1000000):
    paint(i * 0.03)
    gui.set_image(pixels)
```

If Taichi is properly installed, you should get the animation below 🎉:

<a href="https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi/blob/master/python/taichi/examples/simulation/fractal.py#L1-L31"> </a><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/taichi-dev/public_files/master/taichi/fractal_small.gif" height="270px">

# Documentation

The Taichi documentations are available at:

- [Compelete documentation](https://docs.taichi.graphics/)
- [API reference](https://api-docs.taichi.graphics/)

> *Due to the rapid development, both sites are still under construction. We also plan to merge them into a single site in the future.*

Reviewer: API site: https://docs.taichi.graphics/api/

They are combined today.

Author: Lovely!

# Contacts

We use these channels to report bugs, discuss design, show off demos and send announcements on a daily basis:

- [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi/issues)
- [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi/discussions)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/taichigraphics)
- [Taichi 中文论坛](https://forum.taichi.graphics/)
- Slack & Wechat groups: please send us a message at <a href = "mailto:contact@taichi.graphics">contact@taichi.graphics</a> first, thanks!

> If you find any security problem, please do not hesitate to disclose it to <a href = "mailto:security@taichi.graphics?subject = Taichi Security Problem">security@taichi.graphics</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should you spot any security issue, do not hesitate to report it by mailing to <a href = "mailto:security@taichi.graphics?subject = Taichi Security Problem">security@taichi.graphics</a>.
```
